we're back we're hungry
remember how the Saints show business
that's something it's great billing it
doesn't have bigger than this welcome to
the haunted festival and this one is not
just for the birds there are sixteen
tribes in nagaland and from the 1st to
the 7th of December they all get
together to showcase their martial
skills their power their costumes their
culture they arch their craft that
dances their music their food and just
about everything else that you can think
of so welcome to this the magnificent
hornbill festival Nagaland is known as
the land of festivals in fact naga
tribes consider their festival so sacred
that participation is compulsory
presents are can we ever say no to
compulsory party organized by the state
tourism and part and culture departments
the hornbill festival aims and
preserving the rich historical
traditions and heritage of the state the
week-long party unites all the tribes
and people like us get to enjoy the
colorful performances the crafts the
games and most of all the food the focus
at the haunted festival is on the
performing arts on the displays put up
by all the tribes most of the action is
centered over here at the amphitheater
very very important to get there in time
this is a seven-day extravaganza and
here's your polo travel tip make sure
you come early and get a nice place here
at the amphitheater because it's going
to fill up very quickly with visitors
not just from India but the world over
besides the sounds on the colors over
here are incredible right now the tribes
are all marching in they're all going to
gather witness the address by the chief
yes and they're going to start
performing right now this is one of the
most colorful spectacles that I have
ever seen come along with us while we
get to the bottom of things hey it's a
bird is it a plane
no it's the chief guest he's coming in
right over there and then I gotta it's
gonna get off and we coming in over here
soon
let's get all ready make your TV is
coming ahead but we're over here
the excitement has already begun all
sixteen tribes are going to be putting
up their best performances over here you
really want to cast this consider
incredible display of color sound and
just incredible culture
dance is a very very important part in
agriculture no matter which of the
sixteen drives you talk about they have
dances for pretty much everything for
the harvest to celebrate happiness joy
sorrow and even war enjoy
we're with Martha's mommy who is the
Commissioner and secretary for tourism
art and culture and it's his department
that's responsible for this fabulous
festival so thank you
at the start thank you thank you just
Alicia bigger same here now this is the
biggest festival in the land of festival
yeah this is the land of festival in a
naughty stores okay mother
how did this begin how did the horn Bell
start like and when did it start you see
we had a little over 10 years back right
we had you know we have a unique sort of
a culture here we have so many tribes
and communities right so all across the
year we have a festival every month
practically every week we have a
festival one tribe or the other exactly
but they all interest you know dispersed
in different places in nagaland
so it would have a sleek would be
difficult for tourists to visit all the
places show so to provide a window to
what's happening all across not even the
government said that we need to bring it
in one place everybody
let tourists find it either convenient
to come to one place and then from there
from that window
they can spread out to wherever they
want to in internally Wow well it's
worked because there are people from all
over the world over here right now
NDTV's Cricut app Android & iPhone
scorecard special analysis and much more
download free NDTV comm / apps